hi everybody it's Julie welcome to hell
on Monday today I'm making an
interactive well just slightly
interactive valentine card that's super
sweet and very simple i love the color
blocking effect there with the gold foil
paper and i'm going to start by taking a
piece of card shop cardstock this is a
nice pink and it's by basil it's got a
nice heavy weight to it and i'm going to
cut it to four and a quarter by 11
inches and then i'm going to score at
three and a half inches and 8 and 18 now
this was just to get me started i will
have to make a little bit of adjustment
you'll see what i mean as i go through
the card and i'm going to score there
are creases fold lines really well with
a Teflon bone folder and i love this
bone folder because it doesn't leave a
shine on the paper and then i'm going to
go ahead and close up the card and make
a pencil line where that top fold comes
down right there so i can see where that
edge is and then i'm going to take a
really great die by savvy stamps it's
called love typed and i'm going to line
it up there with the bottoms of the
letters going just pass that pencil line
and then i'm going to use some micropore
tape to hold that died in place and it's
very important that i have the dye going
the right direction ask me how I know
because you'll find out quick if you've
done it the wrong way and then I'm going
to make sure I also open up my card
before I run it through my die cutting
machine now I want to cut all the way up
to that pencil mark but not beyond it so
I'm going to have to position my paper a
certain way on the cutting platform and
then align those cutting pads there so
that they go right up to that pencil
mark but not past it and in this way I'm
not going to have any pressure being
applied to that died beyond that pencil
line as it goes through the Big Shot
machine and that will help me keep from
cutting through the bottoms of those
letters and here you can see I ran it
through and now that I've removed the
die you can see that it only cut the top
portions of those letters and not the
bottoms of the letters and then I'm
going to use my tambo zero eraser to
just come in there i love this eraser
it's got super super fine tip it's
awesome for getting into tight spots
erase the pencil line and here you can
see I can pop up the letters they're not
fallout because the bottoms didn't get
cut and then I can bring that top flap
down and tuck it right behind the
letters that's going to create my
closure but it's buckling a little bit
so that means i need to trim off a
little bit there along that top flap so
i'm going to use my tonic guillotine i
love that it can cut tiny slivers of
cardstock super easy super accurate
there for me and then when i go to fold
it again it's gonna lay nice and flat so
no more buckling and then it's time to
dress up those letters so i read i cut
those same letters with the same dye out
of some cosmo cricket glitter sheets and
i love this stuff because it's got self
adhesive stuff all over the back so you
can use the american crafts glitter
cardstock as well I just like doing this
for something really quick because it
already has the adhesive on the back so
it makes it really quick and easy to
apply and yes I have it in every single
color they make it I don't think about
with war because I love this stuff so
now I'm going to go ahead and firmly
apply all those glitter stickers down
over the letters and then I just want to
burnish it really well with a little bit
of wax paper and my bone folder over the
top just to make sure everything's stuck
down nice and then I'm going to apply
some gold foil card stock now gold foil
card stock comes in a matte finish
basile makes it in a really cool matte
finish as well as a mirror effect and
i'm using actually the mirror effect
because i had some scrap left over so it
creates a little bit of a different look
if you go with the mat it's kind of
vintage ii and if you go with the mirror
it's a little bit more contemporary
looking and i thought this would work
well and of course it's always good to
use up your scraps but there you go you
tuck it all behind you've got a
color-blocked effect as well as a really
fun tuck and fold closure and it turned
out so cute I absolutely love and it was
so fast I want to make a ton of these
happy Valentine's Day I know it's coming
quick thanks for watching
you